# FantasticTwistMobile
NBA is a national basketball game that is  popular world wide. Each team needs good basketball players to make the game more exciting. Fantasy Twister is a program giving NBA coaches and managers an accessible tool to manage the team. It will display all the necessary data coaches may need in one place and it will help them make better decisions. In every year’s NBA draft picks, many potential players are missed by high draft pick team, though some high draft pick teams still end up with “bust” player. What’s worse, some signed players are not good fits at all and are given terrible contracts. 
How to select excellent ones from draft players? What is the match outcome, when you have your and your opponent’s team roasters? Is you team good enough to make the playoffs or even to be a champion candidate? Coaches face all theses questions everyday and there are no existing tools to resolve these problems. Fantasy Twister will help coaches to make a wiser decision when selecting the best draft players to win the game. 
Fantasy Twister addresses the issue faced by the current coaches in the selection of players for team formation. The system makes it easier by selecting players based on historical criterias. It displays list of players based on past game statistics, their game score data and their potentials for a specific position. Based on the evaluation of players on the entire team, the system will be able to generate the predictive game results on and find out which teams are able to make to playoffs. The system can also keep predicting game result until a champion is selected. 
